[Music]
So in the hello world application that
we wrote, you'll notice that the array
class is referenced and we call the
print line function, but there are no
imports. So why is that?
Well once again, Kotlin is striving to
reduce the amount of code that we have
to type and so it imports a whole bunch
of stuff by default into every Kotlin
file and most of what it imports belongs
to what's called the Kotlin standard
library, so we're going to take a quick
look at the library. Let's go over to the
online documentation. So here we are at
the online documentation for the Kotlin
standard library and as you can see at
the top it says the Kotlin standard
library provides living essentials for
everyday work with Kotlin, these include
higher-order functions implementing
idiomatic patterns and we're going to go
over a lot of these in the course
extension functions for providing
functionality on blah blah blah here,
because we're going to cover this in the
course, various utilities for working
with strings and char sequences and
extensions for JDK classes, making it
more convenient to work with them
essentially we're going to touch on as I said,
a lot of this in the course. So here
are the packages that belong to the
Kotlin standard library, there's quite a
few of them. Let's click into the Kotlin
package. And if you look at this package,
you can see right away that the array
class belongs to the Kotlin standard
library, that's what we used in our hello
world application. we scroll down,
you'll also see that the Kotlin package
contains the datatype classes.
We'll cover data types in detail later in the
course. So there's a lot of stuff in here,
and you can come over and take a look at
the documentation for the Kotlin package
at your leisure.
So the Kotlin standard library is
essentially serves the same purpose as
the JDK does, it's a bunch of api's that
are there for you to use. So let's go
back to IntelliJ and we'll
see that yes, we're using array in print
line and we're not importing anything.
Let's take a look at the declarations
for array in print line. So there's two
ways you can do that, you can click on
array right click go to go to and go to
declaration and the second way is you
can just use the keyboard shortcut would
be control b on Windows and I believe
command b on the Mac, whatever's here.
Let's go check this out.
And here's our array class and if we go
to the top we'll see that it's in the
Kotlin package, so if we go back to the
main function and this time we'll click
on print line and we'll go over to the
declaration and if we scroll to the top,
we'll see that this lives in the Kotlin
.io package. So now let's go to a
slide and this slide shows all of the
default imports and we'll see that
Kotlin .* is there and the array
class belongs to that, we've got
annotation, collections, comparisons.
there's Kotlin .io, that's where the print
line function lives, ranges and sequences
we'll cover those later in the course
text and then if you're targeting the jvm,
kotlin.jvm and the java .lang
packages are also imported by default.
Back to IntelliJ,
so if we go back to our application now,
now we understand why there are no
imports here, it's because the array
class lives in kotlin.*, the print
line function lives in kotlin.io.*,
and both of those packages are
imported by default by Kotlin. Once again,
to cut down on the code that you have to write.
So that's it for the Kotlin
standard library, I just wanted to make
you aware of it and also to explain why
we're not importing anything in case you
were scratching your head about that and
just a reminder again that if you're
going to distribute your Kotlin
application that you also have to
distribute the kotlin runtime, otherwise
your application won't run.
Alright! So that's it for this video, I'll see you in
the next one!